docs(feg): Add diagram for NH architecture on Inbound Roaming (#12722)
magma/magma: docs/readmes/howtos/inbound_roaming.md

Configurations with SubscriberDB, local HSS and remote HSS all at the same
time is not supported yet.

> Next diagram shows you a logic diagram of Neutral Host architecture we will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is a logic diagram of Neutral Host architecture we will
```

use on Inbound Roaming to be able to route the request properly. Note that

> in this diagram we add the Optional Local Feg. In case you are using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in this diagram we add the Optional Local FeG. In case you are using
```

> subscriberDB for your local subscribers, you will not need that Feg Gateway,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
subscriberDB for your local subscribers, you will not need this FeG Gateway,
```

> but you will still need the Neutral Host Network

Reviewer: ```suggestion
but you will still need the Neutral Host Network.
```

```mermaid
graph LR

> AGW_G --Any_PLMN--> NH_Netowork

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AGW_G --Any_PLMN--> NH_Network
```

> NH_Netowork --PLMN1--> Feg_Gateway_1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NH_Network --PLMN1--> FeG_Gateway_1
```

> NH_Netowork --PLMN2--> Feg_Gateway_2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NH_Network --PLMN2--> FeG_Gateway_2
```

> NH_Netowork --PLMN3--> Feg_Gateway_3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NH_Network --PLMN3--> FeG_Gateway_3
```

> Optional_Feg_gateway --Other_PLMN--> Local_HSS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optional_FeG_Gateway --Other_PLMN--> Local_HSS
```

> Feg_Gateway_1 --> HSS_1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FeG_Gateway_1 --> HSS_1
```

> Feg_Gateway_2 --> HSS_2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FeG_Gateway_2 --> HSS_2
```

> Feg_Gateway_3 --> HSS_3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FeG_Gateway_3 --> HSS_3
```

subgraph AGW Network
AGW_G
end

subgraph Neutral_Host_Network

> NH_Netowork & Optional_Feg_gateway

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NH_Network & Optional_FeG_Gateway
```

end

> subgraph Roaming_Feg_Network_1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
subgraph Roaming_FeG_Network_1
```

> Feg_Gateway_1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FeG_Gateway_1
```

end

> subgraph Roaming_Feg_Network_2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
subgraph Roaming_FeG_Network_2
```

> Feg_Gateway_2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FeG_Gateway_2
```

end

> subgraph Roaming_Feg_Network_3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
subgraph Roaming_FeG_Network_3
```

> Feg_Gateway_3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FeG_Gateway_3
```

  federated LTE network` your local (non roaming) Federated LTE Network
- Copy/paste the response into PUT method `Update an entire Federated LTE
  network`

> - Find the key `federation`. If you completed Pre Requisites properly, you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Find the key `federation`. If you completed the prerequisites properly, you
```

  },
```

To configure that key properly:

- Field `mode` will indicate the path the subscriber will take.
  - `local_subscriber` for PLMN served by your own SubscriberDB/HSS.
  - `s8_subscriber` to use roam HSS and roam PGW.
  - Any other PLMN not configured here will be defaulted to `S6a/S5`.

> - You can leave `apn` and `imsi_range`blank since it is not supported yet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can leave `apn` and `imsi_range` blank since it is not supported yet
```

- Copy/paste the response into PUT method `Update an entire federation network`
- Modify/add the `nh_routes` (see the example on Swagger API if it is
  missing from your configuration). On the map match the PLMN, and the name

>   of the roam FeG Network. Note those are names of FeG Networks,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  of the roam FeG Network. Note that these are names of FeG Networks,
```

>   not FeG Gateways

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  not FeG Gateways.
```
